updated overview page for payables (#413)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/usecases/summary/automating-payables.mdx

---
title: "Automating payables with Codat"
sidebar_label: "Overview"

> description: "Streamline your customers' accounts payable workflow."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Streamline your customers' accounts payable workflow"

```

---

import Products from "@components/global/Products";

> By integrating your customers accounting software, supplier information and invoices and payments can be easily kept in sync. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By integrating your customers' accounting software, their supplier information, invoices, and payments can be easily kept in sync. 

```

Reviewer 2: Alternative phrasing:

Integrate with your customers' accounting software to easily keep their supplier information, invoices, and payments in sync.

> This automation replaces manual tasks and eliminates duplication of effort, making it easier for your customers and freeing up time for them to concentrate on running their business.

Reviewer: making what easier for the customers? this part of the phrase does not currently show any value. 
I think it's sufficient to just say 
"This automation replaces manual tasks and eliminates duplication of effort,  freeing up your customers' time so they can concentrate on running their business."

Author: @pzaichkina great idea - updated

### How Codat can help

Codat supports B2B payment and invoicing companies, payment providers, and vertical SaaS businesses with their integration requirements by leveraging the [Accounting API](/accounting-api/overview) product. 

It enables small and medium sized businesses to track and manage their spend with their chosen application and ensure that their financial reports are kept up to date.

> #### Supported Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Supported features

```

<br />

![](/img/use-cases/summary-pages/d0c6b0b7-automating-payables.png)

<ul className="card-container col-3">
  <li className="card">
    <div class="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Coins.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />
      <h3>Access to payables</h3>
    </div>
    <p>
      Pull unpaid bills from your customers’ accounting platform, then itemize the record of goods purchased from or services provided by a supplier.
    </p>
  </li>

  <li className="card">
    <div class="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Files.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />

>       <h3>Create Bills</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h3>Create bills</h3>

```

    </div>
    <p>

>       Enable a vendor bill to be created within their application and then synchronized to customers’ accounting platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enable your customers to create a vendor bill within their application, and synchronize it to their accounting platform.
```

    </p>
  </li>

  <li className="card">
    <div class="header">
      <img
        src="/img/wp-icons/Graph-1.png"
        className="mini-icon"
      />

>       <h3>Removing Repetition</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h3>Removing repetition</h3>

```

    </div>
    <p>

>       Remove repetition by reconciling the payments against supplier invoices in your customers accoutning software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Reconcile payments against supplier invoices in your customers' accounting software, reducing the chance of duplication.
```
